Ecowitt Integration (#23957)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecowitt.markdown

---
title: Ecowitt
description: Instructions on how to integrate Ecowitt Weather Station within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Binary Sensor
  - Sensor
ha_release: 2022.9
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_domain: ecowitt
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@pvizeli'
ha_platforms:
  - diagnostics
ha_integration_type: integration
---

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Ecowitt Weather Station configuration

> The following steps must be performed to set up this integration. For security reason, use the token Path that you get from the Home Assistant config flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps must be performed to set up this integration. For security reason, use the token path that you get from the Home Assistant config flow.
```

1. Use the Ecowitt App (on your phone) or access the Ecowitt WebUI in a browser at the station IP address.
2. Pick your station -> Menu Others -> DIY Upload Servers.
3. Hit next and select 'Customized'

> 4. Pick the protocol Ecowitt, and put in the ip/hostname of your hass server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Pick the protocol Ecowitt, and put in the ip/hostname of your Home Assistant server.
```
